Hi guys and welcome back to my channel.
I'm back in Dubai and if you haven't
seen it, I've done a full rebrand, but
that's not what this video is about.
Today, we are going to get serious. I
want to talk about narcissistic men,
narcissistic abuse, mind games
narcissistic men use
to manipulate you to get you hooked so
you will not fall for that anymore.
Let's get right into this. First of all,
narcissistic men, they always love bomb
you in the beginning. While I have to
say love bombing itself is not a bad
thing, it can also be a good thing. In
my opinion, every man that actually
wants you will love bomb you and do and
try everything to get you. But in the
case of a narcissist, he will do that
following by hot and cold behavior.
And for your understanding, with this
hot and cold behavior, he's actually
making you addicted to his presence and
to him saving you from the pain he
caused. One day he's super nice, the
next day he disappears. One day he tells
you he sees a future with you, he wants
to marry you, he wants to give you those
gifts, he wants to buy you your favorite
bag, etc. The next day, he will act like
you don't even matter to him. And
[clears throat] then comes the next
stage. He will start gaslighting you.
Now, in that phase, you as the healthy
person are going to ask him if
everything is okay, that you feel hurt
because of his behavior, that you don't
like how he showed up, you don't like
how he talks to you. But in that stage,
he will start to gaslight you. He will
say things like that never happened, you
have misunderstood, he never said that,
he never did that, he never have done
that, he doesn't remember, or you have
done something wrong which caused him
>> [clears throat]
>> to hurt you. And here will start the
real mind games. A narcissistic person
will either gaslight you or will deflect
and attack. When you notice something,
you call him out of something that he
did wrong, he will either gaslight and
make it seem like you understood wrong,
this never happened, or he will deflect
and turn it against you. This is an
amazing tactic because you will end up
defending yourself and the whole focus
has shifted. A narcissistic person that
is being called out for doing something
wrong. Let's say you caught your man
lying to you.
You have proof, and you're confronting
him and you say, "Listen,
I want to know the truth. You said you
were going to do the grocery shopping,
but I found out you were going to a
restaurant instead." Now, he will say,
"You're overreacting. Why is that so
important to you? I don't have to tell
you everything. We're not married." This
is called gaslighting. Or he will
deflect and attack. Meaning that he's
going to shift the whole focus of the
topic on you. Now, he's going to say,
"Yeah, but do you know what you did last
month? Yeah, but last week you didn't
tell me that you were going to the
washroom. Oh, you're so controlling.
You're always on my back." Which
completely shifts the focus from what he
did to what you did, or actually didn't
do. He's saying, "Yeah, but it's because
I cannot talk to you. You don't give me
a safe ground to talk to you. You are so
aggressive. You are not feminine enough.
You are doing X, Y, and Z, and that's
why I cannot be honest to you." Now, you
will start to explain yourself and
defend yourself. The next thing they
love to do is deny. They say,
"This didn't happen. This is not true. I
have not done that. I have not said
that. You are crazy." And even if you
come with them with the facts, receipts,
or screenshots, they will keep denying.
And if they can't deny it anymore, they
will say, "You have understood it wrong.
This is not what I meant to do. You have
seen it wrong. You're making it a big
deal out of nothing." The next and third
mind game they love to do is to act
confused. They act like they do not
understand what you mean. For example,
you're telling him you didn't like how
he treated you in the morning because he
was super rude to you, he was talking to
you in a really disrespectful manner,
then he will say, "I don't know what you
mean. What do you mean? I'm completely
normal." So you have to explain yourself
more and more. And what does it do to
your position when you have to explain
yourself? It makes your position weaker.
And he has more ground to deflect on, to
argue back on, to gaslight on. Fourth
mind game they play is creating a false
reality.
Now, either they are really so convinced
that this is the truth, or
they know it's not the truth and they
just want to make you feel confused. It
doesn't matter, but their version of the
reality they have experienced is set in
stone. And the craziest thing is that
they will change the perception you have
of what actually happened. You might
know that two people can have a
different perception of that same
situation, right? Depending on what we
have been through, which traumas we
have, what our core beliefs are, and how
we deal with certain situations. That's
very normal, but this has nothing to do
with what the narcissist is doing. Let's
say you are asking your partner over and
over again to help you make a decision.
He gets always aggressive and tells you
to not ask you, he does not want to be
included in that decision. So you are
doing your own thing, you are making
your decisions and acting accordingly,
and after that he's blaming you for not
including you into his decision. And he
will do that with such a great
confidence, with such a big ego, most of
the time with aggression. So at some
point, you will start to lose confidence
in what you actually have experienced.
Whenever you bring up your point, he
will shut it down, he will scream at
you, and tell you that this is not how
it happened, and that you did not
include him in the decision, and that's
why he left. And that's why he did X, Y,
and Z. That's why he hurt you. That's
why it's justified what he did.
Important to note here is that once you
start to question your own perception,
your own reality, you're not anymore
standing on a grounded point. You are
not being grounded at all, and he can
convince you of anything. And at this
point, it's really, really difficult to
leave that man or person. Whatever they
do, they will find ways to justify was
right, and you will find ways to blame
it onto you. They will always find ways
to justify their behavior, to blame it
onto you, and you will always start to
believe them, actually look for the
mistakes you did. The fifth mind game
they love to play is reframing
everything. Whenever you say you're
hurt, they are saying you're being too
sensitive. Whenever you are pointing out
something that bothers you, the way they
talk, the way they deal with things,
they will always find a way to reframe
it as a you problem. And with all of
these mind games, all they actually want
is your emotional reaction. And the only
reason why they keep playing these games
is because first of all, they want to
stay in control, and second of all, they
are living off of your emotional
reaction. If you're wondering now how to
deal with such a person, how to fight
back, or how to respond, the best way is
to not at all. Do not deal with such
people, do not respond, and do not fight
back. It will always fire back at you.
But I know sometimes it's not that easy,
and especially if we have been in a
relationship with a narcissistic man, a
narcissistic person, it's not so easy to
let go of them because our brain is
literally addicted to their mind games.
Our brain is wired that this is the
person who can soothe us once we are
facing hurt, once we are facing pain.
They are the only person our brain is
associating with healing and with being
taken care of because every time they
hurt you, who was there for you after to
soothe you,
to take care of you? It was them. And
that's the whole game. So the first step
is to stop explaining yourself. Do not
explain how you feel, what you think, or
how do you perceive things because there
is no point, and you just give them more
ground to attack you, to gaslight you,
and to make you believe that your
reality is not the truth. There is no
point in talking to narcissistic people.
All you can do is say nothing, use as
little words as possible, and do not
defend your reality. Whatever you have
experienced is what you have
experienced, okay? There is no buts,
there is no yeah, but if you would have
done it differently, I would not have
hurt you, la la la la la la. No. If
someone denies something that clearly
happened for you, your response cannot
be proving. Your response, the only
response that is correct here is
distance and absence. The next step I
want you to lose hope. This person will
never understand you and you will never
understand that person. You have to lose
hope that they will change, they will be
different one day, they will one day see
your value, one day see that actually
you're not such a bad person as they
perceive you. Forget it, okay? They will
not see it ever. You have to let go of
that hope and grief. Yes, grief because
you are in love with a person that does
not exist. You are in love with a
version of a person that simply does not
exist.
This person played a character. This
person has something like a mask and
this mask was created to exactly your
needs, okay? They were studying you,
they were getting to know you and then
they were putting on that mask of what
you need and that mask is on off.
They're using the mask whenever it is
necessary and beneficial for them, but
that's not who this person is, okay?
It's a character. You have to imagine
that like in a movie, let's say Margot
Robbie. She has played in many movies,
many different characters and none of
these characters is actually her. Yes,
she can play very good and you will be
convinced in the movie that she is that
person, but in real life, she is
completely different. And that's exactly
how you need to see a narcissist. They
are not themselves. Most of them don't
even know who they are. All they know is
how to put on a mask, manipulate people
and feeding off their reactions.
Depending on which stage you are right
now with the narcissistic person, if
you're not ready to leave, use
consequences instead of conversation. If
you keep talking, he keeps playing. So
all you can do is actually stepping
back, actually removing attention from
this person, removing contact to this
person and see what is going to happen.
And if you're ready to completely leave
that person, stick through it because
yes, it's going to be painful, but it's
going to be a pain that you're going to
feel for a certain period of time, one
time and in that period you're going to
heal, you're going to learn about what
actually is happening, who you are,
you're going to level up your life, your
looks, your presence, your confidence
and after you're going to be fine. But
if you're staying with a narcissistic
person, they are going to put you
through that pain over and over again.
It's going to be a loop that you're
going to face over and over again until
you have enough. It's not going to
change. It's not going to be different.
It's not going to get better and no, you
cannot do anything different that will
make this situation different or better.
Narcissistic people will always make you
lose touch with the reality, make you
lose confidence and it will break you
ultimately. So the sooner you get out of
this constellation, of this dynamic, the
better. Anyways, guys, I hope this could
help. Thank you so so much for watching.
I love you so much and I see you in my
next video. Bye-bye.